{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs36\lang9 Overlord Prime Moba\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\tab If you know what the Moba genre is then you might have an idea of what this game is about. The goal of Overlord Prime is to take what you already know of the genre and evolve it to the next level of Multiplayer Online Battle Arena. It will allow players to take a character and play them how they so choose and not be confined to a linear playstyle dictated by the devs. We give freedom to the player, but also keep the character true to who they are on the battlefield all at the same time. If you find yourself facing a mirror clone, dont assume you know exactly what they will play like. \par
\par
\i Tag line: A Universe in Chaos\i0\par
\par
\b\fs28 Team\par
\ul\b0\fs24 Creative Director\par
\ulnone Citron0\par
\par
\ul Programmers:\ulnone\par
AUEzzat\par
BlazeAce007\par
Eddy_Hu\par
Phantomancr\par
\par
\ul 3D Designers:\ulnone\par
Arnez\par
Bach\par
Bipchoo\par
Dhante\par
Moho(Vladislav)\par
The guntech\par
\par
\ul Artists:\ulnone\par
art.static\par
clapdaddyharry\par
devs.drawology\par
heyyaaa34\par
MonkeyDMario411\par
Rhyv Cota\par
Twinkie\par
Moho(Vladislav\par
\par
\ul Character/Story Creation:\ulnone\par
citron0\par
ChirstianDavis\par
Doctor Bench\par
Fenris\par
JapanGator\par
Lenz\par
\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 Overview/Concept\b0\fs24\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\tab Orverlord Primes theme and setting is pretty much that it doesnt have one specifically. There are four worlds, with all four being drastically different from each other. Four worlds, four themes, four stories, all leading to one universal threat. Overlord Prime has a big focus on story and making sure the player realizes that this is a living and breathing universe where every character isnt there to fill a slot. They exist in that world and are relevant in their own rights. \par
\fs22\par
\b Target Audiance\b0\par
The target audiance for this game is widespread. For those who want to get lost in the future story mode that will be later added. For those who want to feel in control of all aspects of their character. Or simply those who want to play a 5v5 Moba game and compete online. \par
\par
\b Genre\b0 : Moba\par
\par
\b\lang1033 Look And Feel\b0\par
The game is in 3D. It has a look similar to some of its brethren in the genre, but a feel of its own. \par
\f1\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 Gameplay\b0\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 The gameplay of this game is over the shoulder battle arena style. \par
\b Game modes\b0 :\par
\b 5v5 (World War) and Ranked World War [Map is based off of Beast Planet]\par
\b0 A 3 lane map. Players start at level 1 and have one skill point to put into any one of their three basic skills. There will be predetermined roles during the selection process where the players select their lanes along with the character. A winner is decided when one side defeats the others Embassy building.\par
\b 3v3 (Invasion) [Map is based off of Fairy tale planet]\par
\b0 One lane map. Similar to World War. Winner is decided when a teams Embassy is destroyed.\par
\b 5v5 Prime Brawl[Map is based off of PA World]\b0\par
5 players on both sides. Each team will have a member who is the Prime. Primes will have boosted stats making them harder to kill. Both sides will start at max level and enough gold to purchase a full build. The goal is to earn points by eliminating enemy players. Eliminating the prime of course nets a larger bounty. Normal players who are eliminated will be given a respawn timer and the match will continue. However, when a prime is eliminated, all players will have their positions reset.  Eliminations from a Prime will also net a hefty bounty. The winner will be determined when the points earned reaches a certain threshold. \par
\b 1v1 Overlord Assault/Ranked Overlord Assault [Map will be based off of the Supernatural planet\b0\par
 Both players will be at max level and enough gold to purchase a full build. It will be a small arena like map, where they try to eliminate the opponent. When someone does, their positions will reset. However, before the next match starts, only the losing player has the chance to completely change their item build. A winner is decided when one person has a total of 3 victories. There will also be a timer. If a winner isnt decided by the time it finishes, the player with less health percentage loses.\par
\b\par
Goals\b0\par
Main goal of the game is to reach EVO and have a tournament scene. This would be where our game would really flourish.  I would also love to have collaberations between different titles. In other words, imagine getting the rights to make a new world where we add popular game/anime characters like Ichigo or Jet set radio. \f1\lang9\par
\par
\b Mechanics\b0\par
\f0\lang1033 So before a match starts, players will have the opportunity to customize the characters actual move set. Each chaaracter comes with a stagnant 3 basic skills. However, that is the only thing the player cannot change. Each character will have a passive like normal, however they also come with 3 additions that the player must choose one of to add on to the passive which will effect how the character plays or is built. That's not all, as every character comes with 2 ultimate skills that the player will choose one of. So they can have a combination of 3 passive addons and two ults to tailor the character towards how they want the character to play. \par
\par
Item Building is also more hands on. Each player has three relic slots and two consumable slots. Each relic also has three slots for a jewel to be engraved. Jewels come in different sizes and forms. One set of Jewels offer more HP, while others might increase a players attack speed. Jewels come in a small medium and large size. Relics can hold 9 pts when it comes to jewels. Large jewels are 7pts, medium are 4pts, and small are 1pts. When a relic has all three slots filled, the passive for that relic will then unlock. You might decide to give a relic a medium Hp jewel, medium defense jewel, and a small hp regen jewel. However the player chooses to customize the relic with. \f1\lang9\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 Story and Narrative\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang1033 Beastmen Planet\par
\b0 Kenzo, leader of the forest dwellers, is at war defending his home from the city folks. Their leader is a science monkey named Morelius Van Bobo, or Bobo as he so likes to be called. He has single handedly pushed his people into the science age and helped them evolve into what they are now. The only problem is his insatiable need for progression. With an increase in knowledge and populaion, he needs to expand the city to accomodate. This means cutting down the very trees and villages that the forest dwellers live in. Because of this they have been at a constant struggle for land. Kenzo, who is very diplomatic and against all the unnecessary fighting, faces another problem internally amongst his own people. Nobunaga, his right hand man and childhood best friend feels the leader is being too soft against Bobo and should take action to destory their town once and for all. Nobunaga plans a coupe to overthrow Kenzo and take control of this war, where he will march into the city and wipe out those who threatens his land. \f1\lang9\par
\par
\b\f0\lang1033 Supernatural Planet\par
\b0 Vargus was once the vampire ruler of the city, until he was overthrown by a vampire named Vladimir. They had been at odds for a while, but Vladimir was never foolish enough to stand up to him. That day, Vladimir had gotten a hold of a magic talsiman which heightened his strength enough to defeat Vargus and claim the title of king. Now Vladimir rules as a tryrant over all. Not accepting this, Vargus decides to win his throne back, but to do this, he needs the help of Heinrick who is married to Vargus' sister. The two will research the talisman Vladimir holds in posession and how to counter it in order to remove the tyrant from the throne. \par
\par
\b Fairytale planet\b0\par
  The land of folklore is being goverened by a maniacal jester named Jaxter. He stumbled upon what seemed to be the aftermath of a cataclysmic explosion. There was so much dark energy in the area that Jaxter could barely see what was at the root. That night, his malice and hatred resonated with the energy around him and caused him to be a vessel to contain it all. After that, he has since used his powers to change his destiny as a servant to the rich who treat him like worse than dirt, and became king. He has made it a rule that all royalty and nobles would henceforth become servants to those who used to serve them. The adopted son of the Spade Kingdom where Jaxter now rules opposes him and acts to right the wrong that is in the world of Fairytale. All while not realizing he is the sole cause of it all. He isnt alone, His parents were able to get him and his sister Claire out of the castle to safety. Together, they will take on Jaxter and his dark magic.\par
\par
\b Post Apocalyptic World\f1\lang9\par
\b0\f0\lang1033 The world is set in a post nuclear war version of our earth. With the world in ruins, resources are slim and those in power have seize control of it all. The humans have established a governmet that would control how rations were distributed. This has come to cause distress as some arent recieving nearly enough for their families to survive. The lifespan of the poor and ravaged zones is drastically smaller than from those in the rich area. Those who resides in the rich zones use money to gain power from Cigma; the government, and control over the rations while the poor are left to starve. To counter this, those from the oppressed nations have gathered a rebel force who uses equipment they steal from Cigma to fight back. They call themselves the Regalia and have nothing to lose in this food war but everything to gain.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\b\f0\lang1033 Game Story Progression\b0\par
The storymode will follow one world at a time until the oncoming threat from the void dimension arrives. It will release in parts starting with the Beastmen world and work its way down. Each world will come in three parts as well, with each part releasing one by one. Once the third and final part is released we move on to another planet and rinse and repeat. \f1\lang9\par
\par
\b General look and feel of\f0\lang1033  each\f1\lang9  world\b0\par
\f0\lang1033 Beast men world is very Tribesman meets modern city life. There is a huge contrast with the two. \f1\lang9\par
\f0\lang1033 The supernatural planet has a very dark and ominous feel to it. Due to a ritual casted ages ago, the sun never rises on this planet which gives vampires free reign at all times. \par
Fairytale World is very colorful and bubbly despite the dark ruler it is under. The setting will be more cartoony than the other worlds. \par
The PA world is barren in most areas and. There are more ruins than there are civilizations, and famine is high on this planet. \par
\f1\lang9\par
\b Areas\par
\b0\f0\lang1033 TBA\f1\lang9\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs28 Characters.\par
\b0\f0\fs22\lang1033 Those highly influential to the story\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1 Beastmen world\f1\lang9\par
\b0\f0\lang1033 Kenzo: A Martial artist tiger who rules over his village in the forest. He wants to try and keep the peace and balance between both sides. He was raised in the village and was the troublemaking bully as a kid. He was soon recruited to his senseis dojo afer losing a fight to Nobunaga, a student there. Sicne then, they have grown to be like brothers.\par
Bobo: He is an experiment of Zark, a mad scientist in the PA world. He was sent out as a test to find inhabitable planets since earth is too destroyed to live on much longer. He landed on the beastmen planet and since then has used his knowledge of his home planet to advance the planets residents and rule over them. \par
Nobunaga: A samurai wolf who is second in command to the forest dwellers. Groomed since a child to cherish and protect those of the village, he has a strong sense of duty when it comes to this war. He would stop at nothing to make sure everyone is safe, even if it means killing Kenzo who he looks at as a brother.\par
Dreyfus: No one knows what species Dreyfus is but in actuality, he comes from the void planet. Someone who was sent to different planets as a beacon to rally the forces of the void dimension for a full scaled invasion. He is second in command under Bobo, and almost just as smart. Where his alliance aligns with is Bobo at the end of the day as he looks up to the monkey as a father figure. He has actually already informed Bobo of the oncoming invasion and that is the reasoning behind the monkey scientists actions to advance the planet as fast as possible. \par
\par
\b Supernatural Planet \f1\lang9\par
\b0\f0\lang1033 Vargus: Previous ruler of the supernatural world. He was overthrone and now seeks to reclaim what is rightfully his. He was one of the three vampires who enacted the ritual hundreds of years ago to block the suns rotation from their planet. Amongst them was Vladimir and Vargus' sister. He has a wife, who is a witch and son, who happens to be a Vampire Witch. Together with the help of Heinrick and his family, he plans to rid the city of his old friend and now rival. \par
Heinrick: Leader of the wolves and husband to Vargus' sister, he has watched Vladimir rule as a tyrant for too long. His daughter was killed for standing up to Vladimirs forces, so this has now gone beyond helping a friend. It became personal.\par
Vladimir: Once one of Vladimirs lead generals, he now rules over the world with an iron grip. His reasoning for taking over the throne is unknown to all and he is seen as a tyrant who lusts for power. Despite his actions he is actually very loyal and holds his need to survive to a high standard. He has plans for this world and those plans require he be ruler of the world in order for them to be accomplished. \par
Mesmora: She is a practitioner of dark magic and very powerful amongst witches. She uses talismans to envoke her magic. The talisman that Vladimir used to overthrow Vargus came from her, a tool she felt necessary for the oncoming threat. The reason being that she comes from the void dimension, and is the daughter of the king. She has enlisted Vladimir in her plans to defend against the forces that threatens her new home. Why? She has a daughter now and wants her to live a normal non violent life. \par
\par
\b Fairytale World\f1\lang9\par
\b0\f0\lang1033 Jaxter: He is the hero in his own story and the main character in his own movie. He used the dark magic he gained to change what he felt was wrong about the world. Now, he is served by the king and queen of the spade kingdom, and all servants across the planets are on top of the food chain. Jaxter was always treated poorly by the wealthy. As a jester no one takes him seriously and it became aparent that people were laughing at him and not with him. Though this is the role of the jester entirely, he found their laughs to be condescending and insulting, not praise to his performance. \par
Spencer: An adopted son to the king and queen of the spade kingdom. His origin is unknown to him and the last thing he can remember is being in the middle of a crater alone. He was later picked up by a traveling soldier who presented him to the royals. Spencer is actually the youngest of the four who were sent from the void planet as beacons. And due to his lost of memory, he has no clue of what is about to happen.  \par
Claire: Daughter of the king and queen and sister to Spencer, Claire is the hair witch. She adopted the witch side from her mother and uses her hair magic to help Spencer in any way she can. \par
Bonnie (Little Blue or Blue for short): She has a twin sister she has tormented since childhood. She is a sadist and used that to bully and torture her. As the daughter of royalty, she has joined Spencer on the battlefield to rid the world of Jaxters rule. Her companion is a big bad wolf who is loyal only to her. \par
Ruby (Little Red  or Red for short): Twin sister to Bonnie, and has a masochist nature. Because of this, she actually relished over the thought of serving under the dark jester and opposes her sister in this battle. \par
\par
\b PA World\b0\par
Briggs: Leader of the Cigma force. He holds pride in the principles of Cigma and enforces them to the core. \par
Lady Eve: She is the madam or ruler of the rich division who refers to themselves as the Cardinals. Dsicipline and structure is her main thing and she will banish anyone who does not uphold this. Family is also important to her so when the Regalia squad kidnapped her sister, her wrath become focused solely on them. \par
Rinoa: Sister to Lady Eve and originally from the Cardinals. She was kidnapped and held for ransom in exchange for resources and equipment by the Regailia squad, where she met the love of her life Delbert. She saw with her own eyes the condition of those in the poor zones and has made her decision to help the rebel squad to oppose Cigma, and the Cardinals. \f1\lang9\par
\f0\lang1033 Delbert: Leader of the Regalia squad and a weapon expert among weapon experts. He is a huge fan of the vintage weapons and uses classical fire arms as opposed to the modern day particle weapons. More of his back story for later.\par
Nova: He is a lifeform from another world who radiates an unlimited amount of radioactive energy. Cigma managed to capture him and now keeps him in a pod where they harness his energy to make stones to power their weapons. Little do they know he is part of an invasion that will take place in the near future. And he cant wait to repay this world ten fold for what they have done to him. \f1\lang9\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 Levels\b0\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\f0\lang1033 Characters will have mastery levels that they can increase by playing with that character. The player will earn rewards like gold for each level. They have the chance as well to spend in game money to unlock the charaters premium level rewards. This includes cosmetics. We will discuss the topic of gold levels that the player can earn by plalying ranked matches with the character which would be another tier in itself with its own rewards. So all in all, a player has three tiers to work on with one character. Normal levels, Gold levels, and Premium levels.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\b Is there a training level\b0\par
\f0\lang1033 Yes, we will hace a tuorial as well as a small map for players to test out certain builds or just try out a character before buying them.\f1\lang9\par
\par
\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\qc\f0\lang1033 The End For Now\f1\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl240\slmult1\par
}
 